24.0.0 (#671)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [24.0.0]
### Added

> - **Breaking** Adds checkAndUpdateSingleCollectibleOwnershipStatus method and changes method previously named checkAndUpdateCollectibleOwnershipStatus to checkAndUpdateAllCollectibleOwnershipStatus  ([#669](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/669))
>   - Previously incorrectly released as minor version bump 23.1.0.
>   - Consumers who consumed checkAndUpdateCollectibleOwnershipStatus must update it's name to checkAndUpdateAllCollectibleOwnershipStatus.

Reviewer: This seems like two distinct changes: a new method, and a rename. I've separated them into two change entries, with the breaking change under `Changed`.

I also changed the tense to keep it as imperative, and formatted the `**BREAKING**` part properly as it has been used in this changelog previously.

```suggestion
- Add `checkAndUpdateSingleCollectibleOwnershipStatus` method ([#669](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/669))

### Changed
- - **BREAKING**:  Rename `checkAndUpdateCollectibleOwnershipStatus` to `checkAndUpdateAllCollectibleOwnershipStatus`  ([#669](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/669))
  - Previously incorrectly released as minor version bump 23.1.0.
  - Consumers who used `checkAndUpdateCollectibleOwnershipStatus` must update it's name to `checkAndUpdateAllCollectibleOwnershipStatus`.
```

Reviewer: I also changed the method names to be within backticks. I find that it makes the sentences easier to read when the code references are in backticks, so that my brain doesn't try to parse them as words then backtrack once I realize it's a code reference.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the cleanup!
